how do you appear in chat GPT results
well I can tell you it is not this this
is fully wrong focus on creating
highquality relevant content no boo
baloney this is uh Steven wolfram's how
chbt Works article which I think is
absolutely excellent and and has been
you know lauded by many people in the
field and he shows you exactly how chat
GPT is producing the results that it
gives which is essentially these are
words that frequently come after other
words on the internet there's also
digitized books and other kinds of
things but essentially large Corpus of
language what words frequently appear
after other words and then they use some
um processes to make sure that uh the
sentences make sense and the structural
components are good and all that kind of
stuff and uh he's got some examples of
this semantic grammar in here too but
but the important part is that you know
we know exactly how chat GPT works we
know that for example this is my bio
page my profile page if I take if I take
this and I search for it in Google in
quotes this little snippet
here there are hundreds of places where
it has been republished exactly to the
specification because I ask people when
I go on their podcasts or I go on their
um shows their their YouTube channels or
I get invited to conferences this little
snippet here is what appears on their
Pages all across the web so the language
spark Toro comma makers of fine audience
research software is all over the web as
a result of of how I phrased this and if
I ask chat GPT for some good audience
research tools Spar Toro doesn't show up
anywhere it's nowhere it's a it's a
whole bunch of other things that
frequently appear next to the words
audience research tools but if I ask for
some fine audience research software or
even if you ask for audience research
software
look at that the top one spark Toro
because that word frequently appears
after the words fine audience research
software all over the internet as a
result of me you know including it here
if I wanted to show up for tools I
should change this this is what weirds
me out there's so many people who search
for all these you know how to show up in
Chachi BT how to appear in AI answers
how do I uh appear in perplexity this
this is like on theise massively over
the last couple of years and yet we know
exactly what to do we know thanks to
folks like Steven Wolfram how these
systems work we know we can influence
them and almost no one is doing it it
really bothers me it bothers me how much
we have conversations about appearing in
Ai and how few people do what is
essentially public relations work
getting your word and your brand to
appear next to other words frequently
across the web in all these places so
that you get picked up picked up by
analys LM that's that's just AI 101 let
let's do some of it marketers